---
layout: home
title: Home
list_title: >-
    Posts <abbr title="Recent 30">R30</abbr>
nav_priority: 0
---

I am Rong "Mantle" Bao, a second-year Computer Science undergraduate at Hangzhou Dianzi University. Welcome to my blog, where I bake all my potatoes.

## About this site

Some of my most recent posts are listed near the end of this page for convenient indexing. This section is anchored by [#section-recent-posts](#section-recent-posts). Alternatively, scrolling down below can also reveal this section.

All my posts are organized by one of more tags. A complete list of tags can be found at [/tags.html]({% link tags.html %}). A page search is usually sufficient to find the desired article.

I have some static web apps hosted on GitHub Pages as well. Some of these are:

* [Periotris.js](/periotrisjs) ([repository](https://github.com/CSharperMantle/periotrisjs)): Variant of Tetris based on the periodic table of elements.
* [LA32R Instruction Statistics](/la32r-instr-stats) ([repository](https://github.com/CSharperMantle/la32r-instr-stats)): Count instructions in LoongArch32 Reduced binaries.
* [Y Chip Area Visualizer](/ysyx-chip-area-visualizer) ([repository](https://github.com/CSharperMantle/ysyx-chip-area-visualizer)): Visualize [Yosys](https://github.com/YosysHQ/yosys) [`stat`](https://yosyshq.readthedocs.io/projects/yosys/en/stable/cmd/stat.html) reports.

I designed this site so that no JavaScript is essential for browsing my posts. [Read about JavaScript usage more.]({% link _posts/2025-06-17-csmantle-top-javascript-usage.md %}) This site, and most of my web apps, are statically-generated. No dynamic server is needed to deploy them, and the browser is not burdened with rendering pages on the fly (with client-side React or others).

This site is generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) with a heavily-customized [Minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima) theme. The source code can be found at <https://github.com/CSharperMantle/CSharperMantle.github.io>.

## About me

* :raising_hand_man: He/him
* :link: <https://github.com/CSharperMantle>
* :telescope: Current project focus is [<abbr title="Open Source Promotion Plan">OSPP</abbr>](https://summer-ospp.ac.cn/) and [<abbr title="Yi Sheng Yi Xin, lit. &quot;each student gets a chip&quot;">YSYX</abbr>](https://ysyx.oscc.cc/)
* :speaking_head: 中文（母语）, English (near native)
* :beach_umbrella: Enjoying summer vacation

<p>
  <details>
    <summary>My attitudes towards AI</summary>
    <ul>
      <li><span>Machine learning problems are analytical and statistical problems.</span></li>
      <li><span>Neural networks are good at discovering patterns not obvious to traditional approaches.</span></li>
      <li><span>LLMs are probabilistic token predictors. They often intrinsically hallucinate.</span></li>
      <li><span>Garbage in, garbage out. Observation in, imitation out.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do use LLMs to brainstorm ideas.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do use LLMs to perform repetitive clerical work and typographical proofreading.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do chat with LLMs to have fun in my spare time.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do use LLMs to craft images for imagined scenes for hobby use.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> use LLMs to write code for production use.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> use LLMs to write casual articles, like blogs.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> use LLMs to write academic articles or carry out research in place of myself.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> use LLMs as a search engine.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> trust LLMs as a sole source of information.</span></li>
      <li><span>I do <em>not</em> accept responses from LLMs without verification.</span></li>
      <li><span>I believe the loopholes and waivers in LLM hosting companies' EULA leave much personal information at risk.</span></li>
      <li><span>I believe LLMs are energy hogs that should be used with conservation in mind.</span></li>
      <li><span>I believe LLMs are going to become more performant as theories and technologies evolve.</span></li>
    </ul>
  </details>
</p>

### Skills

* **Programming language:** Polyglot, most enjoy C/Rust/TypeScript
* **Infosec:** Reverse engineering, messing around with OS and ISA
* **Development:** Bare-metal, desktop native, web apps
* **Architecture:** Experiences with x86-64 assembly, RISC-V/LoongArch ISAs and microarch implementation

------
